so let's go to Bill quickly.  Hey, how are you doing?

29:02 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I'm doing well. What about you?

29:05 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  I'm doing good. Doing good. So, I understand that Julia is good. That's fully done.

29:14 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  Yeah, fully done. I spent the time yesterday to check if everything is good about numbers and all those things.  It's good now.

29:24 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Awesome. So just make sure, you know, once you have a moment to just document that inside our application platform.  So that way, in case she come back with a new requirement, we are ready to take it from there, basically.  So you can also, like, usually share the chat from cloud also within your documentation which you are writing inside of the docs.  that way, we can refer to that easily as well. Thank Other than that, I think I mentioned that we have a new project.  Actually, there's going to be two new projects, which I'm going to start assigning to you, and the first one, honestly, is going to be simple.  We only have one week for delivering that. Basically, that project is related to, you know, building a sort of student portal, okay?  So a student portal where people can actually, the student or the client can log in. to that portal, and they can request funding, basically.  So those students are scholarship students. That means they receive, you know, every semester some scholarship. So our goal is to build something where it will have an admin access and a student access.  So the admin will be able to log in, see everything the student has requested, the student will need to be able to log in to do those requests.  So, pretty simple, customer portal, mean the student portal with a student access, basically, to that portal. I will send you more details on how the plan, basically, for building this.  You can use Replete for the build out, you know, it should be pretty straightforward, as I mentioned. The expectation here is I don't think we need to spend more than $50 on replete for this type of product.  So you need to also control your construction on replete as you are working on the project. So that means you need to be prompt efficient when you are working on those kind of projects.  Because nowadays, no one is actually coding manually anymore. So everyone now is actually using AI to code. So that means the only way where you can be more efficient or we can evaluate if this person is good or not good is really based on the prompting capability of the person.  Are you very detailed in your prompt? So that way the agent do the work properly. Because if you're not detailed, then the agent will just want to do the work.  So you keep repeating yourself again and again before the agent do the work. So keep that in mind. So that will be the first one.  So I'm not expecting that to take too long to complete. So we'll create another group for that. So there's a second one, which I created a group for yesterday.  That one will be more based on, like, it's going to be a lead platform, a lead hosting platform. So a lead hosting platform is a platform where, you know, the client will get leads from MetaAd, from those different forms.  Those leads will be stored within our platform, and then will be allocated to their client, basically. So it's kind of a lead generation platform, because they generate lead for themselves.  So if they generate lead for themselves, and then they... So I think we did something similar in the past, not exactly the same, I want to be clear, not the same logic, but not exactly the same, but the idea was a bit similar, I think it was Jb worked on that project, which was, if I remember, well, what's it called?  I don't remember. It's the French project, the French which they came after, what is the name, Van Sign?

34:40 - Jb Bohiki
  no, okay, the names, I don't remember. It's the quiz thing, quiz platform.

34:54 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  project, yeah.

34:55 - Jb Bohiki
  Yeah, I will find it.

34:56 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Yeah. But in this, in this case, okay. Okay. Blue system. I think that's the name. Okay. Blue system.

35:02 - Jb Bohiki
  Yeah.

35:02 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Blue system. So, but in this case, it won't be a quiz. The, the goal is just going to be like a platform where they store leads and then they're reallocated to different users.  So the client has shared an example. Basically they already have, they already have, I'll start sending the message to the group.  So that way you have access to it. So basically they already have a system which they are currently using, another app which they are currently using.  The issue with that app is that like, it's very old and they are limited. So, so they want to build their own thing, which they will use internally.  Right? So this is not like a SaaS sort of thing. This is not like which they will use, uh,  So she shared this login details, so this login details is for, let me find the website of that company, I think, what was the name, I think she mentioned, I think it was called Berberdo or something, let me check, I think that was the name of the platform which they were using, yeah, this was this platform.  So she shared the login of this platform, so this is basically the platform they are trying to replicate, so you can login into it, they want to replicate exactly the same thing, the only thing is the design need to be, as I mentioned, need to be top notch, you know, the design, front end here, that's the priority, the tool, obviously the functionality wise is important also, but the actual main thing also looks is to be the design, because they,  They feel like that old website is very old, it's archaic, so they want to build their own, which they would like to use.  So you can first log in into that platform. I think it's OTP needed. I can message her right now.  She will get us the code, so that way you can get access to it. If Cloud were, you know, were working, if we didn't exhaust the credit, I don't know what happened, I think Cloud has a bug or something, which makes all the credit gone.  What I will do, what you will do, usually in those cases, when clients are looking for similar functionality or features than an existing web application.  So typically, what I will do is I will just ask Cloud to navigate to every pages of that application to understand the whole thing, you know, what is that.  It's about how the application works, all the details. That usually will be the first step which you'll be doing.  So we give you all the information you need, everything from A to Z. But unfortunately, we don't have access to cloud right now because I think we'll come back on Sunday.  But I don't think we cannot really wait for this project on this one day to get started on this project.  So you can already start from Replete. So I think that's why I'm just going sideways here. But at some point, we probably have to have our own internal AI, which we can use to browse those things.  But anyway, for now, I'm explaining how I will approach it if you still have cloud subscription or cloud tokens left.  We could navigate through it, give you all the context, everything, so you're aware of how the application works. not, goal.  everything, but don't we're And And then from there, you can then do all the building inside of cloud instead of replete, okay?  You can do kind of all the building, everything inside of cloud, and then transfer it to replete after completing that.  So that would be the normal flow.

39:18 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  But since we are having an issue now, we cannot really do that. But I think we still have Crusoe.  So I checked it last time.

39:28 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  I just used it yesterday. Okay. Yeah, that's true. I can actually use it.

39:34 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  I forget about that. I can start with it and maybe create a GitHub repo and push everything in there.

39:42 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  And yeah, once maybe cloud will be back, I can connect it with it and move it to replete later.  Yeah, that's a good idea. Okay, let's do that. And if, you know, for some reason the tokens for Cursor is ended, just let me know.  We can increase the subscription back, because we were not using it that much recently, that's why I reduced the subscription, but we can always increase it back if we need it.  So, okay, yeah, let's do that then. So I think our server also can navigate, right, through those websites.

40:18 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I think it's a little more interesting than cloud code, but yeah. Yeah, but since I don't have access to cloud desktop, so I used to use cloud code in a terminal, you know.  So, yeah, cursor interface is a little more appealing and more powerful, I think.

40:44 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Okay, that's good. Okay, yeah, let's do that. Perfect. Um... So you can log into that website, and I'll offer the meeting recording, which I had with the client, with you, so that way you can, actually it's a Loom link, which I have, so I will share that with you, I will share also some of the just brief information she shared before the, you know, before we have that meeting, that will give you some context, on how, how everything actually got started, basically.  So let me see here, copy this, share that with you. So it's really a lead hosting and distribution platform, that's how they call it, lead hosting and distribution platform.  So we'll share that with you. I wanted to ask also, since you said that they distribute the leads, they do it manually, or are there some rules that...?  it's automated. So basically, the way that platform works is currently the platform, they have, the cloud also have a website, by the way.

42:29 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  Okay.

42:30 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  And that's the design sort of style fonts which they are looking to follow. Okay, obviously, when you build something for a client, you want to make sure that the design is matching with their expectation in terms of colors, in terms of, you know, a font which they are using and things like that.  So she shared a current website which they have, which is, which is, you know, which kind of... Like show how those font and color are in display on our website.  So let me show you that link also so that we can have that additional context on the website. So this is the website and this is kind of the sort of design which they are hoping to use the blue color.  This is the font they want to use. You have the logo, which is called Integrity, which they have on the top left, which you can use as well for the thing.  So it's sort of this type of color they want to use in this type of font for the website.  So other than that, let me see if I'm missing the key. I'm missing the, let me share, I think I chat with Claude before this went out.  So I will share the Claude conversation with you also now. I'll see Okay. So now we have it.

44:04 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  One thing about Cloud, I noticed today, I think Ruddy also, that we are logged out.

44:13 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Oh, Yeah.

44:15 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  I don't know if it's confirmed.

44:18 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Okay. We'll have to check that. Because I think, yeah, think that's in a way, like, I don't think there's any current usage on it.  But you can send the request and then I'll send you the links. I'll also log in. So, tuk tuk tuk, share the Loom link with you quickly.  Here, I think, where is the Loom link here for that video. So, tuk tuk meeting with, um,

45:16 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  I just sent the login for cloud.

45:21 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Okay.

45:28 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  About the platform, who you sent the credentials for, I'm not saying a login form, frankly. The boobers will...

45:43 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Actually, I think the login form is, you will see it in the Loom, I just sent you a Loom video.

45:50 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  Okay.

45:50 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  To work me through, like, you know, the features of that app, how that was working, you know, what are the most important feature for them, you can send  Take bit of time and listen to that, to that recording, I think that would be helpful and you have a chance as well if you want to use it to ask the question to AI or to, you know, Cursor as you are working through, through the project.  Okay. So I just forwarded you the link for Entropic to your email, so you should be able to log in back into it.  So yeah, I think you've now got everything you need there for that project. Our expectation really is, you know, the design needs to be top-notch, and the functionality needs to be exactly the same as what they have in the system.  So basically, people, you know, the way I'm thinking about the... The app also is, so basically the way that works is you have partners.  They call it partners. Partners are kind of the client. Okay. Partners are the client. And partners, you can consider a partner being a company.  You know, a partner is kind of a company. can say Tecma is a company. Tecma has a company name, an address.  So you probably need to have two levels where you have a partner information, a type. A table, which saw the partner information.  Then you have another table, which is agent. Okay. Agents are people who worked within that company for them. So you have Tecma.  Then you have Bill working in Tecma. You have Jb working within Tecma. So you guys are considered as an agent in this client world.  Right. So that's why you, that's how So that means the agents need to be able to log into the platform because obviously it's not a company who is logging into the platform.  The person who is logging into the platform is the agent. However, you can click on a company profile and see all the agents working within that company.  You know what I mean? You can click on Tecma and see everyone working within Tecma. That's how the structure could work.  And that means you have a sort of user management system where you're actually being able to invite, you know.  But in the case currently, the way they do it is through a form. Basically, they will have a form on the website.  I think the form is kind of a form on the application. Then they embed it on the website. So basically once you log into the app, you'll be able to probably find that form.  So then that agent will just submit the form with the company name into it. So wherever they submit the form, then automatically they someone has to approve and then they.  They get accepted within the application, so they can now log into the app and start doing some work there.  So that is currently how they are bringing new people, know, new partner, mean, new agent within the thing. But I think obviously if we have a better way, that's something we can suggest to the client.  You know, I don't think form submission is the ideal way. Honestly, the way I was thinking about it will be, you know, obviously you have a request to have an authentication using Clerk.  You can say, okay, use Clerk built in authentication within Replace. And so whenever someone, you know, like they can sign up, whenever they sign up, they don't get approved.  The admin received the invite. That means they can accept them to join, you know what mean? So that would be seamless, I think, than just a form and blah, blah, which is not seamless.  So that would be the way I'm thinking. think this could work. And on the form, typically, they have more questions.  let's see someone sign up. After they sign up, you can redirect them to an actual onboarding, an onboarding form where you ask them additional questions.  Things like, so the question is what determines how they allocate the lead dynamically, basically. So you can ask, okay, what type of population are you looking to target?  What type of, is it female? Is it male you're looking to target? And so on. So you have a list of questions, which you ask.  Once they submit it, then it's saved under the profile. So whenever they log in, they can see, okay, this is where everything which I have submitted when I was submitting my profile information.  So I have all those details there. And then the client currently, obviously. We don't have access to the website where the form, the lead form is coming from, but we can get access later on.  In the meantime, you can assume you have a table for the lead where all the lead goes, right? All the lead goes, then those lead get assigned dynamically based on those filter, right?  Dynamically based on those filter to different partners, which is the client, basically, the different partners. So, and then those partners can, usually those partners, I mean, those agents need to have credit also, so that means you need the wallet capability, so they need to be able to buy, let's say $100, adding that to the wallet, and as they are using those leads, as we are giving them the lead, those wallets amount get reduced every time, you know, they get determined.  from your So Dratwick, that do Respondor's wallet have won't You know, so they can just, you give them the flexibility to just take, you know, you know, $20, $100 into the wallet, and then they can use it as they need it.  So we need to use Stripe integration. In the meantime, you can use the thing, you can use the Tecma demo Stripe 22 as we are doing this, or if you already have your own Stripe account, you can use this just for demo.  You know, the goal is just, like, to have something, like, they're functional before we start asking the client to provide us with all those logins after that.  So, yeah, I think once you, I think the first step is really logging into the other platform. You will understand better how they do it and how the system works.  If you have any questions, you can ask it within the group, and then I will be able to either send an audio and answer the questions as you are working through this project.  Make sense?

53:00 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  Okay, makes sense. I'll check it and come back if there is any question.

53:05 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Okay, good. Yeah, so the second one, I will, as I mentioned, will create the group for the second one.  And actually, let me do that because I have another call at 11. So we have a bit of time here.  So I don't forget. Let me see quickly. Okay, so let's see, let's create a group, so the new one will be the second one is, what is my name, and change, create a new one, the new one, for the new one,  So, I think for that, let me send you the actual first client requirement, and then I'll send you the proposal, basically what was supposed to, what we need to be completed.  And as I mentioned, this one is really not complicated. It's very similar to that project, which we did for the books project.  The only difference here is that we are not using ArtTable. So initially, when I use ArtTable, just recommended them to just use Replete for everything.  So we just use Replete for the database and everything. and once again, you can use Cursor and then migrate it to Replete after.  So feel free to do that as well. And the design also will be important, they need to be clean.  It needs to be easy to use, basically. It needs to be well designed and easy to use. So true profile users, student, and administrator, administration.  So those are the main things. If something is not clear, you let me know and I'll be able to answer.  And also when you work on those projects, think in business-wise, always. You have to think in business-wise how those people will actually use the system, you know?  So you always want to think how they will actually use it. You know, you put yourself in their shoes to make sure that, you know, this is exactly how this shoe works.  You know, how this feature work, if they click on this, this will happen. So I have to think about that level of details.  Um, is that clear or you have any question?

57:37 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  it's, it's clear for me.

57:39 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  But this one, okay. For this one, we don't, we don't need any logins anyway. So there's not really, uh, an example she gives.  So you can, um, the design wise, I mean, the, the color, the font, we can add that later and then in the meantime, the functionality can, you can already start with building.  The functionality logic. So that's about it. As I mentioned, this one is just a one-week project, so we need to make sure that we can complete it on time.

58:15 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  Is there a call record about that with the client? Okay, I have the proposal.

58:21 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  Yeah, I sent you the proposal. I had a call, but the call was not very interesting because she was not speaking that much.  So I feel like this kind of could be a difficult warrant. However, as long as it's been, you know, developed the right way from the first, from the get-go, she should be okay with it.

58:48 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  Okay, I will check this.

58:51 - Masdouk Adelakoun
  I will actually put the recording also there for you in case you want to check it out. Yeah, that's it.  So thank you. And keep me posted on those two things. And I think bari is there also to make sure that, you this is progressing well.  And if you have any questions, just ask, you know, this is, that's why, okay, that's just a parenthesis. That's why we create those groups.  We create those groups on WhatsApp because our main goal is to make sure that as you are working on the project, you can send, you know, updates, you know, as you're working through it.  You don't need to wait, like, the product will be done before you send an update in the group. For instance, you are working, you just finish these features, you know, you finish, like, I don't know, the student features or the student portal.  Everything looks good. You are happy about your work. You take a screenshot, you send it to the group. Everyone knows this is, then everyone knows, are aware now, okay, this is progressing.  You understand? So the reason of, you can use this group as a Slack group. If you guys have worked with Slack before, you know how this works, right?  So typically, you send Send things to the group so that way the team can interact with it, say, okay, I like this design, we can give you feedback directly during those sending, and it's really key, so make sure that you do that as you're working through the project, and this is applicable for everyone on this call anyway, it's not just for Bill, but it's really for everyone, so we create those groups to make sure that when you make progress, you send things, and those are milestones, those are things where everyone can celebrate, it can say, okay, it can give you also feedback, okay, like, I think this design can, you can do it better, we don't want to wait, you know, at the end of the day, or like at the end of the project before we see, we start seeing how the app is progressing, and this is not just for app, it's for CR implementation, it's for all of those different things which we're working, so this is an important thing to keep in mind, and obviously, Barry, we'll make sure that, I guess I get reminded of that.  And you are applying those things as you work through the project.

1:01:06 - Osee Bill AHOGNONVI (billahognonvi@gmail.com)
  Okay. Got it.


